Title: C# Code 3
Date: 2021-04-23 03:32 PM
Category: C#
Authors: Alwi

## Objective 1: Make a list of the most popular programming languages. How are they different from C#?

# LIST OF POPULAR PROGRAMMING LANGUAGE:

1.	Python 
2.	java
3.	C/CPP
4.	JavaScript
5.	PHP
6.	Swift
7.	R programming language
8.	Ruby 
9.	Objective – C
10.	Kotlin

# Difference b/w C# and above popular programming languages:

## Python vs C#:
C# is an object-oriented programming language, is pronounced as C-Sharp. This language was developed to compete with Java, by Microsoft under the leadership of Anders Heijlberg and his team. Like python it does not free of cost, it comes with the license. It is a compiled language rather than an interpreted language. There are 86 total keywords used in the C# language. In c#, pointers are used only in unsafe mode.   
Python is a multi-paradigm programming language such as object-oriented programming and structured programming and many others. It was developed by Guido van Rossum in the late 1980s. There are 33 total keywords used in the python 3.7. It doesn’t support pointers. It is dynamic-type language whereas C# is static-type language. It is easier than C# in order to learn.

## Java vs C#:
C# is a general-purpose, modern and object-oriented programming language pronounced as “C sharp”. It was developed by Microsoft led by Anders Hejlsberg and his team.   
Java is a general-purpose computer programming language that is concurrent, class-based, object-oriented etc. Java applications are typically compiled to bytecode that can run on any Java virtual machine (JVM) regardless of computer architecture.


## C/CPP vs C#:

### C++:
C# is a general-purpose, modern and object-oriented programming language pronounced as “C sharp”. It was developed by Microsoft led by Anders Hejlsberg and his team.
C++ is a statically typed, multiparadigm, and object-oriented programming language. In beginning, C++ was termed as C with classes. It was developed by Bjarne Stroustrup at AT & T Bell Laboratories. Some basic difference between C# and C++ are following:

### C:
C language is a middle programming language that was developed at Bell research lab in 1972 by Dennis Ritchie. C language combines the properties of low level and high-level language. therefore, its thought-about a middle programming Language. C may be a high-level classical kind programming language that permits you to develop computer code and moveable applications. There are 32 total keywords used in the C language. It’s a perfect language for developing computer code systems.    
C# is an object-oriented programming language, is pronounced as C-Sharp. This language was developed to compete with Java, by Microsoft under the leadership of Anders Heijlberg and his team. There are 86 total keywords used in the C# language. In c#, pointers are used only in unsafe mode.

## JavaScript vs C#:
C# runs inside the .NET framework, so it’s good for building desktop applications, but can also be used to build web applications and servers. JavaScript runs in a browser. It can still be used to make games and stuff, but they have to run inside Firefox, Chrome, IE etc. 
C# is strongly typed, meaning you have to explicitly define the types of all variables and function return types. JavaScript is weakly typed, so any variable can hold any type of value and any function can return anything. Functions can actually return other functions and variables can contain functions.   
C# is object oriented, so we have classes and inheritance and the like. It’s possible to hack objects into JavaScript, but based on my experience what you’re actually doing is just manipulating a dictionary to contain attributes and functions. 
C# is a compiled programming language. JavaScript (as the name implies) is a scripting language. So, JavaScript can fail due to syntactic errors at run time.

## PHP vs C#:
PHP is Programming language used in the development of a website, recursive acronym for “PHP: Hypertext Pre-processor. C# is object-oriented, modern, general-purpose, programming language developed by Microsoft. It can be used in a web application as well desktop application development.

## Swift vs C#:
Swift is better about functional programming. C# supports functional (pattern matching is available only with version 8) but is mainly OOP (mandatory). Swift is based on LLVM while C# has an implementation based on it (Mono). C# has a better concurrency support.

## R programming language vs C#:
The R language is used by data scientists and programmers for statistical computing. In part because of the increasing amounts of data collected by software systems, and the need to analyze that data, R is one of the fastest-growing technologies among my colleagues who use C#. A familiarity with R can be a valuable addition to your technical skill set.  
The R language is a GNU project and is free software. R was derived from a language called S (for “statistics”), which was created at Bell Laboratories in the 1970s. There are many excellent online tutorials for R, but most of those tutorials assume you’re a university student studying statistics. This article is aimed at helping C# programmers get up to speed with R as quickly as possible.

## Ruby vs C#:
C# has its roots in the C family of languages and will be immediately familiar to C, C++, Java, and JavaScript programmers; Ruby: A dynamic, interpreted, open source programming language with a focus on simplicity and productivity. Ruby is a language of careful balance.

## Objective-C vs C#:
The key differences between C# and Objective-C are that C# is used to develop software for Windows (web, desktop, mobile) while Objective-C is used to develop software for Mac OS X and iOS. While both are Object-oriented, Objective-C allows you to do C-style programming without objects.

## Kotlin vs C#:
C# (pronounced "See Sharp") is a simple, modern, object-oriented, and type-safe programming language.   
Kotlin is a statically typed programming language for the JVM, Android and the browser, 100% interoperable with Java. C# and Kotlin belong to "Languages" category of the tech stack.
